modules/repository_set/README.md, before:

## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.6 |
| <a name="requirement_github"></a> [github](#requirement\_github) | ~> 6.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_github"></a> [github](#provider\_github) | ~> 6.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_private_repositories"></a> [private\_repositories](#module\_private\_repositories) | ../private_repository | n/a |
| <a name="module_public_repositories"></a> [public\_repositories](#module\_public\_repositories) | ../public_repository | n/a |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [github_actions_organization_secret_repositories.org__action_secret_repo_access](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs/resources/actions_organization_secret_repositories) | resource |
| [github_codespaces_organization_secret_repositories.org__codespace_secret_repo_access](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs/resources/codespaces_organization_secret_repositories) | resource |
| [github_dependabot_organization_secret_repositories.org__dependabot_secret_repo_access](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs/resources/dependabot_organization_secret_repositories) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_default_repository_team_permissions"></a> [default\_repository\_team\_permissions](#input\_default\_repository\_team\_permissions) | A map where the keys are github team slugs and the value is the permissions the team should have by default for every repository. If an entry exists in `repository_team_permissions_override` for a repository then that will take precedence over this default. Defaults to `{}` giving no team access to the repositories. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_private_repositories"></a> [private\_repositories](#input\_private\_repositories) | A map of private repositories where the key is the repository name and the value is the configuration | <pre>map(object({<br>    description                          = string<br>    default_branch                       = string<br>    protected_branches                   = list(string)<br>    advance_security                     = bool<br>    has_vulnerability_alerts             = bool<br>    topics                               = list(string)<br>    homepage                             = string<br>    delete_head_on_merge                 = bool<br>    allow_auto_merge                     = bool<br>    requires_web_commit_signing          = bool<br>    dependabot_security_updates          = bool<br>    repository_team_permissions_override = optional(map(string))<br>    user_permissions                     = optional(map(string))<br>    organization_action_secrets          = optional(list(string))<br>    organization_codespace_secrets       = optional(list(string))<br>    organization_dependabot_secrets      = optional(list(string))<br>    action_secrets                       = optional(map(string))<br>    codespace_secrets                    = optional(map(string))<br>    dependabot_secrets                   = optional(map(string))<br>    environments = optional(map(object({<br>      action_secrets = optional(map(string))<br>    })))<br>    template_repository = optional(object({<br>      owner                = string<br>      repository           = string<br>      include_all_branches = bool<br>    }))<br>    license_template = optional(string)<br>  }))</pre> | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_public_repositories"></a> [public\_repositories](#input\_public\_repositories) | A map of public repositories where the key is the repository name and the value is the configuration | <pre>map(object({<br>    description                          = string<br>    default_branch                       = string<br>    protected_branches                   = list(string)<br>    advance_security                     = bool<br>    topics                               = list(string)<br>    homepage                             = string<br>    delete_head_on_merge                 = bool<br>    allow_auto_merge                     = bool<br>    dependabot_security_updates          = bool<br>    requires_web_commit_signing          = bool<br>    repository_team_permissions_override = optional(map(string))<br>    user_permissions                     = optional(map(string))<br>    organization_action_secrets          = optional(list(string))<br>    organization_codespace_secrets       = optional(list(string))<br>    organization_dependabot_secrets      = optional(list(string))<br>    action_secrets                       = optional(map(string))<br>    codespace_secrets                    = optional(map(string))<br>    dependabot_secrets                   = optional(map(string))<br>    environments = optional(map(object({<br>      action_secrets = optional(map(string))<br>    })))<br>    template_repository = optional(object({<br>      owner                = string<br>      repository           = string<br>      include_all_branches = bool<br>    }))<br>    license_template = optional(string)<br>  }))</pre> | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_rulesets"></a> [rulesets](#input\_rulesets) | n/a | <pre>map(object({<br>    bypass_actors = optional(object({<br>      repository_roles = optional(list(object({<br>        role          = string<br>        always_bypass = optional(bool)<br>      })))<br>      teams = optional(list(object({<br>        team          = string<br>        always_bypass = optional(bool)<br>      })))<br>      integrations = optional(list(object({<br>        installation_id = number<br>        always_bypass   = optional(bool)<br>      })))<br>      organization_admins = optional(list(object({<br>        user          = string<br>        always_bypass = optional(bool)<br>      })))<br>    }))<br>    conditions = optional(object({<br>      ref_name = object({<br>        include = list(string)<br>        exclude = list(string)<br>      })<br>    }))<br>    rules = object({<br>      branch_name_pattern = optional(object({<br>        operator = string<br>        pattern  = string<br>        name     = optional(string)<br>        negate   = optional(bool)<br>      }))<br>      tag_name_pattern = optional(object({<br>        operator = string<br>        pattern  = string<br>        name     = optional(string)<br>        negate   = optional(bool)<br>      }))<br>      commit_author_email_pattern = optional(object({<br>        operator = string<br>        pattern  = string<br>        name     = optional(string)<br>        negate   = optional(bool)<br>      }))<br>      commit_message_pattern = optional(object({<br>        operator = string<br>        pattern  = string<br>        name     = optional(string)<br>        negate   = optional(bool)<br>      }))<br>      committer_email_pattern = optional(object({<br>        operator = string<br>        pattern  = string<br>        name     = optional(string)<br>        negate   = optional(bool)<br>      }))<br>      creation                      = optional(bool)<br>      deletion                      = optional(bool)<br>      update                        = optional(bool)<br>      non_fast_forward              = optional(bool)<br>      required_linear_history       = optional(bool)<br>      required_signatures           = optional(bool)<br>      update_allows_fetch_and_merge = optional(bool)<br>      pull_request = optional(object({<br>        dismiss_stale_reviews_on_push     = optional(bool)<br>        require_code_owner_review         = optional(bool)<br>        require_last_push_approval        = optional(bool)<br>        required_approving_review_count   = optional(number)<br>        required_review_thread_resolution = optional(bool)<br>      }))<br>      required_status_checks = optional(object({<br>        required_check = list(object({<br>          context        = string<br>          integration_id = optional(number)<br>        }))<br>        strict_required_status_check_policy = optional(bool)<br>      }))<br>      required_deployment_environments = optional(list(string))<br>    })<br>    target       = string<br>    enforcement  = string<br>    repositories = list(string)<br>  }))</pre> | `{}` | no |

## Outputs

No outputs.

Commit message:

Only allow secret scanning if private repo has ghas license (#39)
* Only allow secret scanning if private repo has ghas license

* moved variable to repository set variable

* terraform-docs: automated action

---------

Co-authored-by: github-actions[bot] <github-actions[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

modules/repository_set/README.md, after:

## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.6 |
| <a name="requirement_github"></a> [github](#requirement\_github) | ~> 6.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_github"></a> [github](#provider\_github) | ~> 6.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_private_repositories"></a> [private\_repositories](#module\_private\_repositories) | ../private_repository | n/a |
| <a name="module_public_repositories"></a> [public\_repositories](#module\_public\_repositories) | ../public_repository | n/a |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [github_actions_organization_secret_repositories.org__action_secret_repo_access](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs/resources/actions_organization_secret_repositories) | resource |
| [github_codespaces_organization_secret_repositories.org__codespace_secret_repo_access](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs/resources/codespaces_organization_secret_repositories) | resource |
| [github_dependabot_organization_secret_repositories.org__dependabot_secret_repo_access](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs/resources/dependabot_organization_secret_repositories) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_default_repository_team_permissions"></a> [default\_repository\_team\_permissions](#input\_default\_repository\_team\_permissions) | A map where the keys are github team slugs and the value is the permissions the team should have by default for every repository. If an entry exists in `repository_team_permissions_override` for a repository then that will take precedence over this default. Defaults to `{}` giving no team access to the repositories. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_has_ghas_license"></a> [has\_ghas\_license](#input\_has\_ghas\_license) | If the organization owning the repositories has a GitHub Advanced Security license or not. Defaults to false. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_private_repositories"></a> [private\_repositories](#input\_private\_repositories) | A map of private repositories where the key is the repository name and the value is the configuration | <pre>map(object({<br>    description                          = string<br>    default_branch                       = string<br>    protected_branches                   = list(string)<br>    advance_security                     = bool<br>    has_vulnerability_alerts             = bool<br>    topics                               = list(string)<br>    homepage                             = string<br>    delete_head_on_merge                 = bool<br>    allow_auto_merge                     = bool<br>    requires_web_commit_signing          = bool<br>    dependabot_security_updates          = bool<br>    repository_team_permissions_override = optional(map(string))<br>    user_permissions                     = optional(map(string))<br>    organization_action_secrets          = optional(list(string))<br>    organization_codespace_secrets       = optional(list(string))<br>    organization_dependabot_secrets      = optional(list(string))<br>    action_secrets                       = optional(map(string))<br>    codespace_secrets                    = optional(map(string))<br>    dependabot_secrets                   = optional(map(string))<br>    environments = optional(map(object({<br>      action_secrets = optional(map(string))<br>    })))<br>    template_repository = optional(object({<br>      owner                = string<br>      repository           = string<br>      include_all_branches = bool<br>    }))<br>    license_template = optional(string)<br>  }))</pre> | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_public_repositories"></a> [public\_repositories](#input\_public\_repositories) | A map of public repositories where the key is the repository name and the value is the configuration | <pre>map(object({<br>    description                          = string<br>    default_branch                       = string<br>    protected_branches                   = list(string)<br>    advance_security                     = bool<br>    topics                               = list(string)<br>    homepage                             = string<br>    delete_head_on_merge                 = bool<br>    allow_auto_merge                     = bool<br>    dependabot_security_updates          = bool<br>    requires_web_commit_signing          = bool<br>    repository_team_permissions_override = optional(map(string))<br>    user_permissions                     = optional(map(string))<br>    organization_action_secrets          = optional(list(string))<br>    organization_codespace_secrets       = optional(list(string))<br>    organization_dependabot_secrets      = optional(list(string))<br>    action_secrets                       = optional(map(string))<br>    codespace_secrets                    = optional(map(string))<br>    dependabot_secrets                   = optional(map(string))<br>    environments = optional(map(object({<br>      action_secrets = optional(map(string))<br>    })))<br>    template_repository = optional(object({<br>      owner                = string<br>      repository           = string<br>      include_all_branches = bool<br>    }))<br>    license_template = optional(string)<br>  }))</pre> | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_rulesets"></a> [rulesets](#input\_rulesets) | n/a | <pre>map(object({<br>    bypass_actors = optional(object({<br>      repository_roles = optional(list(object({<br>        role          = string<br>        always_bypass = optional(bool)<br>      })))<br>      teams = optional(list(object({<br>        team          = string<br>        always_bypass = optional(bool)<br>      })))<br>      integrations = optional(list(object({<br>        installation_id = number<br>        always_bypass   = optional(bool)<br>      })))<br>      organization_admins = optional(list(object({<br>        user          = string<br>        always_bypass = optional(bool)<br>      })))<br>    }))<br>    conditions = optional(object({<br>      ref_name = object({<br>        include = list(string)<br>        exclude = list(string)<br>      })<br>    }))<br>    rules = object({<br>      branch_name_pattern = optional(object({<br>        operator = string<br>        pattern  = string<br>        name     = optional(string)<br>        negate   = optional(bool)<br>      }))<br>      tag_name_pattern = optional(object({<br>        operator = string<br>        pattern  = string<br>        name     = optional(string)<br>        negate   = optional(bool)<br>      }))<br>      commit_author_email_pattern = optional(object({<br>        operator = string<br>        pattern  = string<br>        name     = optional(string)<br>        negate   = optional(bool)<br>      }))<br>      commit_message_pattern = optional(object({<br>        operator = string<br>        pattern  = string<br>        name     = optional(string)<br>        negate   = optional(bool)<br>      }))<br>      committer_email_pattern = optional(object({<br>        operator = string<br>        pattern  = string<br>        name     = optional(string)<br>        negate   = optional(bool)<br>      }))<br>      creation                      = optional(bool)<br>      deletion                      = optional(bool)<br>      update                        = optional(bool)<br>      non_fast_forward              = optional(bool)<br>      required_linear_history       = optional(bool)<br>      required_signatures           = optional(bool)<br>      update_allows_fetch_and_merge = optional(bool)<br>      pull_request = optional(object({<br>        dismiss_stale_reviews_on_push     = optional(bool)<br>        require_code_owner_review         = optional(bool)<br>        require_last_push_approval        = optional(bool)<br>        required_approving_review_count   = optional(number)<br>        required_review_thread_resolution = optional(bool)<br>      }))<br>      required_status_checks = optional(object({<br>        required_check = list(object({<br>          context        = string<br>          integration_id = optional(number)<br>        }))<br>        strict_required_status_check_policy = optional(bool)<br>      }))<br>      required_deployment_environments = optional(list(string))<br>    })<br>    target       = string<br>    enforcement  = string<br>    repositories = list(string)<br>  }))</pre> | `{}` | no |

## Outputs

No outputs.
